# TokenUpdateRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccessToken** | **string** | An access token.  | 
**AccessTokenExpiresAt** | Pointer to **int64** | A new date at which the access token will expire in milliseconds since the Unix epoch (1970-01-01). If the &#x60;accessTokenExpiresAt&#x60; request parameter is not included in a request or its value is 0 (or negative), the expiration date of the access token is not changed.  | [optional] 
**Scopes** | Pointer to **[]string** | A new set of scopes assigned to the access token. Scopes that are not supported by the service and those that the client application associated with the access token is not allowed to request are ignored on the server side. If the &#x60;scopes&#x60; request parameter is not included in a request or its value is &#x60;null&#x60;, the scopes of the access token are not changed. Note that &#x60;properties&#x60; parameter is accepted only when &#x60;Content-Type&#x60; of the request is &#x60;application/json&#x60;, so don&#39;t use &#x60;application/x-www-form-urlencoded&#x60; if you want to specify &#x60;properties&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**Properties** | Pointer to [**[]Property**](Property.md) | A new set of properties assigned to the access token. If the &#x60;properties&#x60; request parameter is not included in a request or its value is null, the properties of the access token are not changed.  | [optional] 
**AccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate** | Pointer to **bool** | A boolean request parameter which indicates whether the API attempts to update the expiration date of the access token when the scopes linked to the access token are changed by this request.  | [optional] 
**AccessTokenHash** | Pointer to **string** | The hash of the access token value. Used when the hash of the token is known (perhaps from lookup) but the value of the token itself is not. The value of the &#x60;accessToken&#x60; parameter takes precedence.  | [optional] 
**AccessTokenValueUpdated** | Pointer to **bool** | A boolean request parameter which indicates whether to update the value of the access token in the data store. If this parameter is set to &#x60;true&#x60; then a new access token value is generated by the server and returned in the response.  | [optional] 
**AccessTokenPersistent** | Pointer to **bool** | The flag which indicates whether the access token expires or not. By default, all access tokens expire after a period of time determined by their service. If this request parameter is &#x60;true&#x60; then the access token will not automatically expire and must be revoked or deleted manually at the service.  If this request parameter is &#x60;true&#x60;, the &#x60;accessTokenExpiresAt&#x60; request parameter is ignored. If this request parameter is &#x60;false&#x60;, the &#x60;accessTokenExpiresAt&#x60; request parameter is processed normally.  | [optional] 
**CertificateThumbprint** | Pointer to **string** | The thumbprint of the MTLS certificate bound to this token. If this property is set, a certificate with the corresponding value MUST be presented with the access token when it is used by a client. The value of this property must be a SHA256 certificate thumbprint, base64url encoded.  | [optional] 
**DpopKeyThumbprint** | Pointer to **string** | The thumbprint of the public key used for DPoP presentation of this token. If this property is set, a DPoP proof signed with the corresponding private key MUST be presented with the access token when it is used by a client. Additionally, the token&#39;s &#x60;token_type&#x60; will be set to &#39;DPoP&#39;.  | [optional] 
**AuthorizationDetails** | Pointer to [**AuthorizationDetails**](AuthorizationDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**ForExternalAttachment** | Pointer to **bool** | the flag which indicates whether the access token is for an external attachment.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTokenUpdateRequest

`func NewTokenUpdateRequest(accessToken string, ) *TokenUpdateRequest`

NewTokenUpdateRequest instantiates a new TokenUpdateRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTokenUpdateRequestWithDefaults

`func NewTokenUpdateRequestWithDefaults() *TokenUpdateRequest`

NewTokenUpdateRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new TokenUpdateRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccessToken

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessToken() string`

GetAccessToken returns the AccessToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccessTokenOk returns a tuple with the AccessToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessToken

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAccessToken(v string)`

SetAccessToken sets AccessToken field to given value.


### GetAccessTokenExpiresAt

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenExpiresAt() int64`

GetAccessTokenExpiresAt returns the AccessTokenExpiresAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenExpiresAtOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenExpiresAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAccessTokenExpiresAtOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenExpiresAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenExpiresAt

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAccessTokenExpiresAt(v int64)`

SetAccessTokenExpiresAt sets AccessTokenExpiresAt field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenExpiresAt

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasAccessTokenExpiresAt() bool`

HasAccessTokenExpiresAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScopes

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetScopes() []string`

GetScopes returns the Scopes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScopesOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetScopesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetScopesOk returns a tuple with the Scopes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScopes

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetScopes(v []string)`

SetScopes sets Scopes field to given value.

### HasScopes

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasScopes() bool`

HasScopes returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProperties

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetProperties() []Property`

GetProperties returns the Properties field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPropertiesOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetPropertiesOk() (*[]Property, bool)`

GetPropertiesOk returns a tuple with the Properties field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProperties

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetProperties(v []Property)`

SetProperties sets Properties field to given value.

### HasProperties

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasProperties() bool`

HasProperties returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate() bool`

GetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate returns the AccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdateOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdateOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdateOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate(v bool)`

SetAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate sets AccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate() bool`

HasAccessTokenExpiresAtUpdatedOnScopeUpdate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessTokenHash

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenHash() string`

GetAccessTokenHash returns the AccessTokenHash field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenHashOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenHashOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccessTokenHashOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenHash field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenHash

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAccessTokenHash(v string)`

SetAccessTokenHash sets AccessTokenHash field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenHash

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasAccessTokenHash() bool`

HasAccessTokenHash returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessTokenValueUpdated

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenValueUpdated() bool`

GetAccessTokenValueUpdated returns the AccessTokenValueUpdated field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenValueUpdatedOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenValueUpdatedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAccessTokenValueUpdatedOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenValueUpdated field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenValueUpdated

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAccessTokenValueUpdated(v bool)`

SetAccessTokenValueUpdated sets AccessTokenValueUpdated field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenValueUpdated

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasAccessTokenValueUpdated() bool`

HasAccessTokenValueUpdated returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccessTokenPersistent

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenPersistent() bool`

GetAccessTokenPersistent returns the AccessTokenPersistent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccessTokenPersistentOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAccessTokenPersistentOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAccessTokenPersistentOk returns a tuple with the AccessTokenPersistent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccessTokenPersistent

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAccessTokenPersistent(v bool)`

SetAccessTokenPersistent sets AccessTokenPersistent field to given value.

### HasAccessTokenPersistent

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasAccessTokenPersistent() bool`

HasAccessTokenPersistent returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCertificateThumbprint

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetCertificateThumbprint() string`

GetCertificateThumbprint returns the CertificateThumbprint field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCertificateThumbprintOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetCertificateThumbprintOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCertificateThumbprintOk returns a tuple with the CertificateThumbprint field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCertificateThumbprint

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetCertificateThumbprint(v string)`

SetCertificateThumbprint sets CertificateThumbprint field to given value.

### HasCertificateThumbprint

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasCertificateThumbprint() bool`

HasCertificateThumbprint returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDpopKeyThumbprint

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetDpopKeyThumbprint() string`

GetDpopKeyThumbprint returns the DpopKeyThumbprint field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDpopKeyThumbprintOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetDpopKeyThumbprintOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDpopKeyThumbprintOk returns a tuple with the DpopKeyThumbprint field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDpopKeyThumbprint

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetDpopKeyThumbprint(v string)`

SetDpopKeyThumbprint sets DpopKeyThumbprint field to given value.

### HasDpopKeyThumbprint

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasDpopKeyThumbprint() bool`

HasDpopKeyThumbprint returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthorizationDetails

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAuthorizationDetails() AuthorizationDetails`

GetAuthorizationDetails returns the AuthorizationDetails field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthorizationDetailsOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetAuthorizationDetailsOk() (*AuthorizationDetails, bool)`

GetAuthorizationDetailsOk returns a tuple with the AuthorizationDetails field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthorizationDetails

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetAuthorizationDetails(v AuthorizationDetails)`

SetAuthorizationDetails sets AuthorizationDetails field to given value.

### HasAuthorizationDetails

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasAuthorizationDetails() bool`

HasAuthorizationDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetForExternalAttachment

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetForExternalAttachment() bool`

GetForExternalAttachment returns the ForExternalAttachment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetForExternalAttachmentOk

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) GetForExternalAttachmentOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetForExternalAttachmentOk returns a tuple with the ForExternalAttachment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetForExternalAttachment

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) SetForExternalAttachment(v bool)`

SetForExternalAttachment sets ForExternalAttachment field to given value.

### HasForExternalAttachment

`func (o *TokenUpdateRequest) HasForExternalAttachment() bool`

HasForExternalAttachment returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


